I am chubby
It was me who ate with you just now
But I will not entertain you
Hey, I'm the one who is allergic to entertainment.
Stupid woman, you were deceived by us.
The babies are fine
Long time no see, sister.
No wonder Xiaoshan's personality changed dramatically
It turns out that this kid is Erbao
Baron
You take the kids out first
I have something to think about
Be careful
Don't worry, his legs have already been flown by me.
My dear, what are you doing?
Tell me where the antidote is
What antidote?
The sick baron was chronically poisoned by you
Give me the antidote
Don't worry, I can not only be good to children
They treat you well.
How did he get poisoned?
Yeah, I'm awesome
The baron poisoned him
But that poison is very poisonous
But the antidote is all around you.
My heart for your daughter is